Make btree item, transaction and constructor for NewEventHandler and … (#418)
kubernetes-sigs/kpng: README.md

TODO add some lines about what to find ./hack

### Code walkthrough

#### The KPNG kube ... command path

> 

Author: ```suggestion
We start by looking at the typical KPNG invocation, where we watch the Kubernetes API Server and forward it's events down to an NFT proxy backend on all nodes. 

The below command would run, generally, in a daemonset:
```

```go
kube --kubeconfig=/var/lib/kpng/kubeconfig.conf to-local to-nft
```

- `kpng` is the kpng binary.
- `kube` is the command which kpng runs, which watches and internalizes the Kubernetes network API (services and pods)
- `to-local` is a cobra command, which proxies to a "local" backend (like, NFT).
- `to-nft` is the name of the local backend, and is a **subcommand** of `to-local`. 

Thus, KPNG uses a core command "kube" to start up, and then decides wether it is going to write iptables/nft/ebpf... rule
based on the value of the subcommands for the `to-local` option which it recieves.

The way that the *to-nft* subcommand is built up at runtime, when KPNG introspects and imports several pacages.

- On startup, before parsing arguments, KPNG imports several *backend* packages
- these imports result in `init()` functions being called,

> - the `init()` functions in those backends then go on to call the `Register()` function in the `backendcmd` pacakge.

Author: ```suggestion
- the `init()` functions in those backends then calls out to the `Register()` function in the `backendcmd` pacakge.
```
